Reword section of state channels developer doc (#7260)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/index.md

- The transaction which triggers the state transition (e.g., Alice sends 5 ETH to Bob)

> State updates in the channel are not broadcasted on-chain as is normally the case when users interact on Mainnet, which aligns with state channels' goal to minimize on-chain footprint. So, as long as participants agree on state updates, they are as final as an Ethereum transaction. Participants only need to depend on Mainnet's consensus if a dispute comes up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
State updates in the channel are not broadcasted on-chain as is normally the case when users interact on Mainnet, which aligns with state channels' goal to minimize on-chain footprint. As long as participants agree on state updates, they are as final as an Ethereum transaction. Participants only need to depend on Mainnet's consensus if a dispute arises.
```
